Qi Sining, what are you doing with Junior Sister?
Two senior brothers
Why are you here?
I heard that the General's Palace has given you a junior sister
Are you hurt?
I'm fine.
At that time, the second senior brother's wound opened again
I'm re-wrapping him
Don't bother Junior Sister about this kind of thing, I'll come
Where is it hurt?
Are you trying to seduce in this way?
Little sister
Qi Si would rather have good means yes
Don't want Wang Yuan
I have sent troops to strengthen the defense of General Fan
It's late at night, you can go back first, no
Maybe there will be a second assassin.
I want to stay and protect my little sister
I can't worry either
Junior sister is going to rest
Can you two go back first?
Secondly, you
Aren't you there too?
I'll go outside and guard, brother
It's freezing outside
You can't freeze anymore.
Secondly, if you don't go, then I won't go either.
I fuck junior sister, okay, okay, okay
Then everyone won't go
But only one bed
How should we divide the four of us?
Junior sister, you sleep on the bed
We're watching over you.
Well, I have a way to get the best of both worlds.
Why don't the four of us squeeze
Oh, it's true
pour
No no
What kind of decency is it?
Cheng He Style
Oh brother
Come on.
Three senior brothers
I've been waiting for this day for a long time